You may be asking yourself... how can I help
Are you a Developer, a Product Manager, a Devops Engineer .
a Data Professional, a UX Engineer or a non-profit origination
Start a project with us
Code for Philly is 100% volunteer based including our leadership team
Which works to build inroads with partners,
support project creation and development and plan events and meetups
[inaudible]
[Laughter]
What are some project examples? To give you an idea some are....
PAWS The cities largest rescue partner where every
healthy and treatable pet is guaranteed a home
PHLASK - An ecosystem for finding
and sharing water in Philadelphia
Philly bail fund - a community bail fund that posts bail for people who are indigent
Prevention point - the syringe service program that has been a major factor
in reducing the number of new HIV infections in Philadelphia
So if you want to use your code for good or you have an idea of your own
then we would love to hear from you
Currently our meetups are entirely virtual but we look forward
to the post covid era when we will resume in person events and
our very important function of providing free pizza
How can you find us? Go to codeforphilly.org...
Join our slackware space...
Find us on twitter at codeforphilly...
All of our events are on meetup.com....
You can subscribe to this channel that we put nothing on